When the moon and stars dance at midnight
I leapt over the fence,
back into the schoolyard
Trapped inside the old school building,
I screamed
Begging to be let out,
pounding on the glass windows
Trying to break free, back in those days
In the present, we lament,
This can't go on, this can't go on
and we fought back as adults
Before we knew it, in the world we hated
We live with our eyes closed
And stop resisting
Yes, what was it that we despised
so much, for so long?
Whether or not we'll make it, from now on
Let's only pursue what we truly want
As I understand my surroundings better,
I don't want to get swept away anymore
No matter what anyone says,
we still won't give up
Don't be afraid to make mistakes!
Sprawling myself on the sports ground
I lie there, waiting for the dawn
How many more laps must I run
to be told I've done well?
Sweating under the scorching sun
Was just absurd
Ah, we think of our tiny, tiny selves
And how we can't see our future
Our lives feel meaningless and wasted
And we become anxious
But if, once more,
we could be reborn as anyone
The dreams we saw back then
Even now, we surely can still reach them
It's never too late to make a decision
Coming here made me realize,
we can do anything
Our anxiety is our potential!
Climbing the emergency stairs
I tried going out to the rooftop
I saw the dawn so beautiful,
it took my breath away
Our world is so beautiful
in the shivering wind...
In the present, we lament
This can't go on, this can't go on
and we fought back as adults
Before we knew it, in the world we hated
We live with our eyes closed
And stop resisting
Yes, what was it that we despised
so much, for so long?
Whether or not we'll make it, from now on
Let's only pursue what we truly want
As I understand my surroundings better,
I don't want to get swept away anymore
No matter what anyone says,
we still won't give up
Don't be afraid to make mistakes
(Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Woh...)
Even if you're at a loss
Live strong!
(Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Wow Woh...)